[Music]
Yes
very good my dear lovers of the
heart complete failure and disappointment on the
part of a company that collaborates with
Jorge Javier and possible dismissal from it
before breaking the news please don't
forget to click on the video and
subscribe and follow all the
protocol guidelines no as
Antonio said there was always on his channel when he
uploaded videos family you know that
a few days ago we were
commenting on an interview well an
interview it wasn't as such it was about Javier he
was in a photocall about a
company that has dietary products
pronokal or that's what it's called no well it turns out
that the company
would be very angry and very disappointed with Jorge Javier himself after seeing the result that this year's campaign has had this company has been paying well for promotions for many years now and every time this press conference is organized in which Jorge is there with his visitors hehe haha ​​at the
photocall well all the agencies always come
all the media interview
Jorge whether you like it or not well in
advertising for the company
ourselves  we were echoing
some of the words he said hours ago the
other day I think we commented on it
because he ignored Rocío Flores and because he
said something about whether or not Olga was going to work
as a collaborator on Survivor
after all the
professional fiascos she's had with
Javier in recent months it
would be one more blow we do
n't know what will be the straw that
breaks the camel's back as they say but it
is true that the huge drop in
audiences not only for Sálvame which is
already becoming
absolute ruin it's like a meme but it has also
sunk programs like
if you believe History no the copy is of
Big Brother that they tried to rescue and
that nobody has seen it I mean I think
only the people
who were there on set saw it and then we
have of course the plays
that we have seen on many
occasions that man filling what is
said to be full has never filled it no well
here it would add to another
professional setback it would be a brutal take out of
his ego and the fact is that this man believes himself to be
some kind of untouchable god  Nothing
turns out to be in your little mouth and
we'll see if next year they continue
counting on this gentleman in this company.
What do you think about the family? Do you use
these products? I want to know. A
big hug and until the next video
[Music]